Hello, my name is David.
Hola mi nombre es David.
I am thirty-two years old.
Tengo treinta y dos años de edad.
I live in Colombia.
Vivo en Colombia.
I am from the United States.
Soy de Estados Unidos.
I am married.
Estoy casado.
My wife and I have three children.
Mi esposa y yo tenemos tres hijos.
I have two sons and one daughter.
Tengo dos hijos y una hija.
Their names are John, Kevin, and Ann.
Sus nombres son John, Kevin y Ann.
We also have a dog.
También tenemos un perro.
The dog’s name is Buster.
El nombre del perro es Buster.
I work as a postman.
Soy cartero.
I deliver the mail each day.
Entrego el correo todos los días.
I like to eat American food.
Me gusta comer comida americana.
Hot dogs are delicious.
Los perros calientes son deliciosos.
I also like to cook.
También me gusta cocinar.
Cakes are my favorite food to bake.
Los pasteles son mi comida favorita para hornear.
Cakes are also my favorite food to eat.
Los pasteles también son mi comida favorita para comer.
I also enjoy exercising.
También disfruto hacer ejercicio.
I like to run and hike.
Me gusta correr y hacer senderismo.
After eating hot dogs and cakes, I need to exercise.
Después de comer perros calientes y pasteles, necesito hacer ejercicio.